[Memgraph 2.17 < ]Update Kubernetes docs (#773)
memgraph/documentation: pages/getting-started/install-memgraph/kubernetes.mdx

# Kubernetes

## Available charts

Memgraph can be deployed on Kubernetes. Currently, supported deployment methods for Memgraph
are:

- [**Helm chart for standalone Memgraph**](#helm-chart-for-standalone-memgraph)
- [**Helm chart for Memgraph high availability
  cluster**](#helm-chart-for-memgraph-high-availability-cluster)

There is also support for deploying Memgraph Lab on Kubernetes:

- [**Helm chart for Memgraph Lab**](#helm-chart-for-memgraph-lab)

For details on the implementation of the Helm charts, you can go to [**Memgraph
Helm charts repository**](https://github.com/memgraph/helm-charts). Due to
numerous possible use cases and deployment setups via Kubernetes, the provided
Helm charts are a starting point you can modify according to your needs. 

This docs page contains the basic information on how to deploy Memgraph or

> Memgraph LAB on Kubernetes using Helm charts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Memgraph Lab on Kubernetes using Helm charts.
```

| `podAnnotations`             | Annotations to add to the pod                                                                           | `{}`                                   |
| `resources`                  | CPU/Memory resource requests/limits. Left empty by default.                                             | `{}` (See note on uncommenting)        |
| `serviceAccount.create`      | Specifies whether a service account should be created                                                   | `true`                                 |
| `serviceAccount.annotations` | Annotations to add to the service account                                                               | `{}`                                   |
| `serviceAccount.name`        | The name of the service account to use. If not set and create is true, a name is generated.             | `""`                                   |

Memgraph Lab can be further configured with environment variables in your
`values.yaml` file.

```yaml
env:
  - name: QUICK_CONNECT_MG_HOST
    value: memgraph
  - name: QUICK_CONNECT_MG_PORT
    value: "7687"
```

> Check all supported environment variables from the Memgraph website, [Data
> Visualization
> Section](https://memgraph.com/docs/data-visualization/install-and-connect#environment-variables)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check all supported environment variables from the Memgraph Lab documentation(https://memgraph.com/docs/data-visualization/install-and-connect#environment-variables).
```

Author: Updated.
